Feature/core 1677 didcomm webhooks (#1)
evannetwork/tnt-docs: didcomm/services-1/actions/README.md

# Actions

> The action endpoint capsulate several business logics within one endpoint. It will create a new "action" in the database of a specific type, that can be requested with the **command** parameter to execute specific business logic parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The action endpoint capsulates several business logics. It will create a new "action" of a specific type in the database. This action can be requested with the **command** parameter to execute specific business logic parts.
```

Reviewer: Actually not really sure what "that" in  "that can be requested.." was referring to, so i guessed it was referring to the Action. Please double check

### DIDComm

> The DIDComm action type provides the functionality to sent encrypted DIDComm messages to your partners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DIDComm action type provides the functionality to send encrypted DIDComm messages to your partners.
```
